Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
Checks the version of python. Then says "greetings!" and asks for my favorite color.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It gave me an error when I typed in red and said that it is not defined.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
There is no place for this information to go so it probably threw it away.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
It is all the same except this one prints back to me my favorite color
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
It will assign whatever the input is to the variable "color".
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
Yes, it fixed the error from main1 and printed my favorite color.


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It will make you guess the computers favorite color.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
It is checking to see if the user guesses the correct answer. The correct answer is Red.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
It is apart of the if statement and everything indented is apart of that statement.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says no try again.
What does this tell you about "color"?
It is case sensitive


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
This one has both "Red" and "red" for upper case and lower case answers.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
Its trying to fix the issue with upper case letters.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It is still wrong and says to try again


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
To make the word red all lower case.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
Tries to get rid of users capitals to check if its the correct answer.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It is not correct if you add a space.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
its addes the command strip to the line.
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Gets rid of all spaces and makes it the bare minimum.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
No it is all correct now.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
if you guess the color pink then it will say that you are close.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
makes sure that the answer is the bare minimum
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It tells if the program to do something while it is not red.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They are apart of the while statement and only happen when the while statement is true.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
It would not repeate the question after every wrong attempt.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
It runs the program infinitely.


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It tells if the program to do something while it is not red.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
to count the number of guesses it took.
What is happening on line 22? 
it tells you after you guessed it right how many tried it took you.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
Yes!